== Welcome to MathWorld

The BunnySlippers Math World (BMW) project is a miniature math education web application.
As part of the first spiral, we are setting up 4 basic roles, and user accounts are assigned to
those roles:
	Public Users: Any public user can access part of the math materials that opens to
public. They do not have to provide a login. Public users can view public content
only.
	Registered Students: Registered Students can download materials and access extra
materials that are only open to users who create an account. Registered students
can view public or registered only content.
	Registered Teachers: Registered Teachers can upload materials and make them
available to the public, or only registered users. Registered teachers can view and
upload/delete content and mark it as public or registered only
	Administrators: Administrators have admin privilege to manage the application/site.
Admins can do everything AND they can modify accounts.

For now, there will be no sub-partitioning of users into groups like classes. All registered users
will be able to see all of the content that is restricted to registered users. Students will have
read-only and teachers will have read/write access. Students and public users will see a list
of files they can download, and teachers will have the additional ability to upload files, with a
description and radio button for public or registered access only.

== Running MathWorld

Since MathWorld requires access to an Amazon S3 environment to save it's files, 
you will need to create environment varibles to allow the rails server to access 
the configured S3 Bucket.

1. Create an S3 bucket called 'MathWorld' on Us-East-1
2. Start your rails server with the appropriate key details as shown below 
	env AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID="KEY_HERE" AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY="SECRET_KEY_HERE" rails server

Now you can access the local rails server, and store to the S3 environment.

If using a service like Heroku, you will need to add the environment variables
as needed.


